.. title: CV
.. slug: cv
.. date: 2014-07-05 11:23:55 UTC-04:00
.. tags: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text

`Download PDF`_

.. _Download PDF: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/vh9w4kw4ncy4l79/StephenKatzCV.pdf?dl=1

.. raw:: html

	<html><head><title>Stephen Katz CV</title><meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="content-type"><style type="text/css">.right{float:right}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-4{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-5{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-2{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-3{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-8{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-5>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-6{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-7{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-2>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-2>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-1>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-0{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-3>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}ul.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-1{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-2>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-4>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-3>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-4>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-8>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-2>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-5>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-0>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-0>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-7>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-7>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-0>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-8>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-6>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-7>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-6>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-8{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-1>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-1>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-7{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-6{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-1{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-0{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-5{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-4{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-3{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-2{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-4{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-3{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-6{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-5{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-0{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-1>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-2{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-1{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-7{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-2>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-4>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-8{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-6>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-8>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-8{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-0>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-4{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-5{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-6{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-7{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-0{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-4>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-1{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-2{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-3{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-3>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-3>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-7{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-8{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-5>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-0>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-5>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-7>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-8>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-2{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-1{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-0{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-4>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-7>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-6{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-5>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-5{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-6>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-4{list-style-type:none}ul.lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-3{list-style-type:none}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-3>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-8>li:before{content:"\0025a0  "}.lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-1>li:before{content:"\0025cb  "}.lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-6>li:before{content:"\0025cf  "}ol{margin:0;padding:0}.c9{margin-right:0.8pt;text-indent:36pt;text-align:right;margin-left:324pt}.c3{height:11pt;direction:ltr;margin-left:35pt}.c0{padding-left:0pt;direction:ltr;margin-left:36pt}.c14{max-width:496.8pt;background-color:#ffffff;padding:43.2pt 57.6pt 36pt 57.6pt}.c6{height:11pt;direction:ltr}.c13{color:inherit;text-decoration:inherit}.c1{margin:0;padding:0}.c10{font-weight:bold}.c8{direction:ltr}.c7{font-size:6pt}.c5{font-style:italic}.c12{margin-left:23pt}.c4{font-size:10pt}.c11{font-size:18pt}.c2{font-size:14pt}.title{widows:2;padding-top:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:21pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}.subtitle{widows:2;padding-top:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:13pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:10pt;page-break-after:avoid}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;margin:0;font-family:"Arial"}h1{widows:2;padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:16pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h2{widows:2;padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:13pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h3{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h4{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;text-decoration:underline;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h5{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h6{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}</style></head><body class="c14"><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c11">STEPHEN J. KATZ</span><span class="c4 right">503.975.9300</span></p><p class="c8 c9"><span class="c4">katz.stephenj@gmail.com</span></p><p class="c9 c8"><span class="c4"><a class="c4 right" href="mailto:katz.stephenj@gmail.com"></a></span><span class="c4 right">github.com/phsteve</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c4">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c2">EXPERIENCE</span></p><p class="c6"><span class="c7"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c4">ETSY.</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;New York, NY.</span><span class="c4 right">April 2014-Present</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c4 c5">Software Engineering Intern, Payments Team</span></p><ul class="c1 lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-0 start"><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Improved Direct Checkout to give new sellers faster access to their money in fewer steps.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Removed the requirement that new sellers mark items as shipped before receiving payment.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Wrote a script that moved over a million dollars in pending payments to sellers&rsquo; ledgers for deposit.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Predicted and tested impact of product changes using MySQL, logging analysis, and internal tools.</span></li></ul><p class="c6"><span class="c10 c4"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c4">HACKER SCHOOL.</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;New York, NY.</span><span class="c4 right">Sept. 2013-Dec. 2013</span></p><ul class="c1 lst-kix_b8qbu5qu1h2z-0"><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Worked on a number of self-directed projects, with a focus on learning asynchronous programming techniques in Python using Twisted.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Wrote a BitTorrent client, which requests and downloads files from multiple peers asynchronously.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Created a bot for Zulip, an IRC-like chat program, which generates random responses using a Markov chain trained on previous messages from Zulip&rsquo;s API.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Collaborated with three other Hacker Schoolers to create an asynchronous mail client using Twisted&rsquo;s Klein web framework, SMTP and IMAP clients.</span></li></ul><p class="c6"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c4 c10">TRANSCARE EMS.</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;New York, NY.</span><span class="c4 right">April 2009-May 2014</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c5 c4">Emergency Medical Technician, 911 Division</span></p><ul class="c1 lst-kix_fbolvnrdipzs-0 start"><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Responded to FDNY-dispatched 911 calls for medical, traumatic and psychiatric emergencies.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Treated patients and operated ambulances in high call volume areas of Manhattan and the Bronx.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Successfully resuscitated four patients from cardiac arrest.</span></li></ul><p class="c6"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c4">MT. HOOD MEADOWS SKI RESORT.</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;Mt. Hood, OR.</span><span class="c4 right">Nov. 2007-May 2008</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c5 c4">Ski Patroller</span></p><ul class="c1 lst-kix_mrribxx8z870-0 start"><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Responded to, assessed, treated and transported injured skiers in a challenging alpine environment.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Assisted with patient care in medical clinic.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">One of three first-year patrollers to be selected to perform avalanche control with explosives.</span></li></ul><p class="c8 c12"><span class="c4">&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c4">SELF EMPLOYED.</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;Portland, OR.</span><span class="c4 right">Sept. 2001-Oct 2007</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c5 c4">Private Tutor</span></p><ul class="c1 lst-kix_o7sdtsv8ahoe-0 start"><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Tutored multiple clients ranging in age from 13-18 in math, science and standardized tests.</span></li></ul><p class="c3"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c10 c4">REED RESEARCH REACTOR.</span><span class="c4">&nbsp;Portland, OR.</span><span class="c4 right>Sept. 2001-May 2005</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c5 c4">Senior Reactor Operator</span></p><ul class="c1 lst-kix_bemv7rzq8ph-0 start"><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Operated 250 kW TRIGA nuclear reactor on Reed&rsquo;s campus.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Supervised and trained Reactor Operators ensuring adherence to federal regulations.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Led lectures and laboratory sessions for prospective Reactor Operators.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c4">Responded to emergencies, personnel contamination, elevated radiation levels and uranium fuel leaks.</span></li></ul><p class="c6"><span class="c4"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c2">EDUCATION</span></p><p class="c6"><span class="c7"></span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c4">BA Mathematics Reed College. Portland, OR.</span><span class="c4 right">May 2005</span></p><p class="c8"><span class="c4">Senior Thesis: </span><span class="c5 c4">Quantum vs. Classical Learning Algorithms.</span></p></body><hr></html>